# `groups` database structure

The `groups` database stores dynamically assigned user groups specifications.
The primary key is `_id: String`, which stores the group unique identifier.
Within each group entry, the access privileges of the group are listed as Booleans or String enums.
At runtime, the available options of privileges are inducted from a special group `root`, which by design has access to everything.

## List of currently available groups

+ `root`

	The special group that has all access rights. Its privileges works as the template of all other groups.

+ `default`

	Another special group which would be implicitly applied if a user has no  groups assigned.
	This happens when a user is newly created.

+ `guest`

	Connections that are not logged in will be applied to this group.
	The privileges of `guest` group should be a subset of `default`

## List of fundamental group properties

+ `Native`: Boolean, only true if a group is natively generated by our service

	Indicates if a group is user generated or system native.
	System native groups cannot be altered or removed.
	This entry is automatically generated and can not be manually edited.

+ `Visibility`: String: 'all' | 'self' | 'none', default 'none'

	Defines whether this group is visible to the users.

	`ALL`: Everyone can see if a user is a member of this group

	`SELF`: Only the user himself can see if he is member of this group

	`SAME-GROUP`: Visible to people who are in the same group

	`NONE`: No one can see if a user is member of this group

	> EXCEPTION: User with privilege `alter-group` can see all group info.

+ `LocaleNames`: JSON Object

	An object contains a list of available names with different locales.

	Example:

	```js
	{
		'LocaleNames': {
			'zh-cn': '预学习1组',
			'en-us': 'Pre-entry Group 1'
		}
	}
	```

## List of fundamental privileges

+ `alter-group` Boolean, default false

	The privilege to see and edit all group entries of all users.

	The group altered by a user should not exceed his own privileges.

+ `access-docs-private:read` Boolean, default false

	Controls privileged access (readonly) to `docs.ysyx.[org|cc|dev]/private/`

+ `access-forms:submit` Boolean, default false

	Controls whether a user can submit forms

+ `access-forms:read` Boolean, default false

	Controls read access to forms

+ `access-forms:comment` Boolean, default false

	Controls comment access to forms

+ `access-forms:finalize` Boolean, default false

	Controls whether a user can approve/decline forms, or mark the form 'archived'.